

Good morning Hari, thank you for giving me this opportunity to introduce myself.

My name is Aravinthan. I am originally from Karur, Tamil Nadu.

I was previously working at Lloyds Technology Centre, Hyderabad, a product-based organization in the Banking and Financial Services domain, 
under Lloyds Banking Group, which includes brands such as Lloyds, Halifax, Bank of Scotland, and MBNA.

I have around 5 years of experience in Software Testing, with strong expertise in both Manual and Automation Testing.

In automation, I have hands-on experience with Selenium using Java and Playwright using TypeScript. I have worked extensively with TestNG, 
Cucumber, Page Object Model (POM), Hybrid, Data-Driven, and Keyword-Driven frameworks.

I also have experience in API test automation using Postman and Rest Assured. For end-to-end automation, I use the Playwright Test Runner, 
which supports features such as auto-waiting, parallel execution, fixtures, retries, test isolation, and built-in reporting, 
providing a complete automation solution without the need for external runners.

Recently, I took a short career break due to my marriage and to handle family responsibilities, 
as I am the only person managing things at home. Now that everything is stable, I am fully ready and eager to restart my career.

I am passionate about delivering high-quality, stable applications and continuously improving my testing skills.
I am looking forward to contributing my expertise and growing in a challenging role.

Thank you.

Roles & Responsibilities 
In my previous role, I was involved in end-to-end testing activities.

I participated in requirement analysis and collaborated with developers and business analysts to understand the scope.

I was responsible for test case design, test data preparation, and execution of functional and regression test cases.

In automation, I developed and maintained scripts using Selenium and Playwright, following the Page Object Model design pattern.

I also worked on API testing using Postman and Rest Assured.

Additionally, I was involved in defect tracking using Jira and test case management using Xray, where we categorized test cases as automatable and non-automatable.

I also contributed to CI/CD integration and ensured tests were executed as part of the pipeline.

Overall, I focused on ensuring application quality, stability, and faster delivery.


Data-Driven Framework
A Data-Driven Framework means: Test logic is fixed, but test data comes from external sources
You write the test once, and run it multiple times with different data.
Where is the data stored --> Usually in: Excel (.xlsx), CSV, JSON, XML, Database

Advantages:
✅ Less code duplication
✅ Easy to add new test cases (just add data)
✅ Great for functional testing

Disadvantages
❌ Only data changes, not steps
❌ Complex scenarios still need code changes

When to use?
✔ Same test flow
✔ Different inputs
✔ Regression testing

Keyword-Driven Framework
A Keyword-Driven Framework means: Test steps are controlled using keywords instead of code
Testers don’t write code — they write keywords.

How it works internally

Each keyword maps to a method:
OPEN_BROWSER → openBrowser()
CLICK → clickElement()
ENTER_TEXT → enterText()
Selenium example (Java – conceptual)
switch(keyword) {
  case "CLICK":
    click(locator);
    break;
  case "ENTER_TEXT":
    enterText(locator, value);

Advantages
✅ Non-technical users can write tests
✅ High reusability
✅ Very readable test cases

Disadvantages
❌ Framework becomes complex
❌ Hard to debug
❌ Slow execution if poorly designed

When to use?
✔ Business users involved
✔ Large teams
✔ Long-term maintenance







